Clarifications in docs (#5364)
dimagi/commcare-cloud: hosting_docs/source/installation/migration/1-migrating-project.rst

1. Switch mobile devices to a proxy URL
---------------------------------------

Each application maintains a series of URLs pointing to CommCareHQ environment used for
various requests made by the mobile devices. Migrating to a new web address requires updating these
URLs in all the mobilie devices at the time of switching the environments after the data is migrated. Since rolling out an app update to every mobile device of the project

> takes time during which the site needs to be offline, it will result in a long downtime for the project. Hence, if your project have any more than a couple of devices, it's best not to do it this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
takes time during which the site needs to be offline, it will result in a long downtime for the project. Hence, if your project has any more than a couple of devices, it's best not to do it this way.
```

> Instead, before the migration itself, a new/proxy URL can be setup and configured to direct requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, before the migration itself, a new/proxy URL can be set up and configured to direct requests
```
